Conservice Web Team Coding Assessment

After meeting with the HR department you have received a request to build a web app that will give HR the ability to manage team members within the company.

The department requires the ability to do the following items:

  Ability to view all team members on a single page.

  Add a new team member as they are hired, delete a team member record when needed, and mark a team member as terminated.

  Edit a team member뭩 record, i.e. address, position, department, etc.

  An activity tracker that will record when a team member뭩 permissions change, when a team member뭩 manager changes, and when a team member뭩 position changes.

  A reporting page to view recruiting, and retention efforts including:

o Weekly hire numbers

o Terminated numbers for the current year

  In an effort to maintain the site뭩 security have a page to view all permission assignments for all team members.


Project Specific Views:

         Page 1: All Team Members

         Page 2: Individual Team Member (Add, Modify, or Delete)

         Page 3: Recruiting and Retention Statistics

         Page 4: Permission Assignments Page

Default Views:

         Page A: Login

         Page B: Create Account

         Page C: Error

         Page D: Permission Denied


HR has asked that the following items be included in the team member record:

  Name

  Address

  Email Address

  Preferred Contact Phone Number

  Position

  Department

  Start Date

  End Date

  Employment Status

  Shift

  Manager

  Team Member Photo

  Favorite Color

 

Minimum Viable Product:

  Create an ASP.NET MVC web application

  No authentication required

  Use Bootstrap for UI

  Data should be stored in a SQL Database

  A page to view all team members in the database

  Ability sort and filter employees on the all team page

  Ability to search for team members by name on the all team page

  The ability to add, delete, and edit team member records

  A reporting page for displaying recruiting and retention metrics

  A page to view the activity log of modifications made to a team member record

 

Bonus Features, preferred items after you complete the MVP:

  Photo uploader for team member photos

  Ability to create new departments/positions

  A cool feature you think would be a good addition to the project

 

The sky's the limit with the project to show off your skills. Project completion isn뭪 the ultimate goal 
of this assessment but an exercise to better understand your ability to show us your skills and ability to 
adapt to project requirements. Remember to submit your project by the deadline referenced above, regardless of project completion.

-JJ
